INTRO:

I greet everyone, congratulate them on there new position at PriorMalady.  

We're doing great work here, providing analysis on cadavers that gives their loved ones the information they need for closure.

Sorry you had to pitch in on the snacks, the good news is that the VP of Product has built an on site Mango Warehouse,
so we have plenty of fruit on site.  He should be here with it soon. 

Regrettably due to budget cuts individual titles will change, everyone gets new title.

We'll still expect you to deliver your best tho.  I still retain my title as CEO so at least there is some good news right?


These title changes are due to some instabilities we're seeing in the platform.
We currently have a Security Consultant on site, hopefully once this mess gets cleaned up
we can shift you back to your original title.

Anyways hope you have a good time!















SEGWAY:
Oh no team, I have some terrible news.  We just ran out of money to fund the security consultants contract and 
he's gone without finishing his work!  Now we're getting reports from several of our branches that our system 
instabilities are becoming worse!!!

Even worse, the media is sniffing around and making absurd claims that the dead are reanimating and walking
the streets nearby sevearl of our locations.  Clearly this is all just an attempt to justify a media
witch hunt against me.

Thank god we have you guys here to continue his work.  I have no doubt that you'll be able to pick up 
where he left off.


COMMITED PUZZLE
Answer: SENIORDEV

SENIOR DEV PUZZLE
ANSWER: ANALYTICS

ANALYTICS PUZZLE
ANSWER: YESMAN

PRODUCT PUZZLE
ANSWER: MANGO

The CEO mentioned a Mango Warehouse?  Maybe he meant a Data Warehouse?

You discover the Mango Data Warehouse was the cause of the instability.
In his shame the Product VP left without a word.  After turning it off all systems have
returned to normal and the dead have returned to their slumber.  Congratulations!





storyline, system is unstable because of mongo fucking things up.

in an effort to keep this under wraps, the VP of product created a ticket
to get people to fix it.

Unfortunately this fix broke the system and caused the dead to start coming to life.
After seeing this the VP took his own life, leaving a message in his office about mongo